<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 1</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="foreword" epub:type="foreword">
			<p class="ParaOverride-3">
				<span class="CharOverride-5">Here are A FEW</span>
				<span class="CharOverride-6">recipes for sandwiches from</span>
				<span class="CharOverride-7">The Up-To-Date Sandwich Book: 400 Ways to Make a Sandwich</span>
				<span class="CharOverride-6">, by Eva Greene Fuller, published in 1909 and now in the public domain.</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-2">
				<span class="CharOverride-8">Tip-Top Sandwich</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-4">
				<span class="CharOverride-6">Chop fine six slices of uncooked bacon, add two green peppers (seeds removed) chopped fine, three onions the size of an egg chopped fine, season with pepper and salt. Fry the above mixture until the bacon is done, then scramble in two eggs. Place between this slices of lightly buttered white bread. Garnish with a radish.</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-2">
				<span class="CharOverride-8">Boston Baked Bean Sandwich</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-4">
				<span class="CharOverride-6">Press cold baked beans through a colander, add two stalks of celery chopped fine, a teaspoonful of horse-radish, and a little tomato catsup; mix and spread on buttered slices of Boston brown bread, cover with another slice, and garnish with a pickle.</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-2">
				<span class="CharOverride-8">Sheridan Park Club Sandwich</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-4">
				<span class="CharOverride-6">Toast and butter three this slices of white bread; place a lettuce leaf on the lower slice, and on its top put slices of chicken breast. The put another slice of toast on top of that with another leaf of lettuce, followed by thin slices of broiled breakfast bacon, topped by third slice of toasted bread. Garnish top with small pickles cut in slices lengthwise. Serve as soon as made.</span>
			</p>
			<p class="ParaOverride-2">
				<span class="CharOverride-7">Discover more antique sandwich recipes at</span><a href="https://www.indignity.net/">
					<span class="CharOverride-9 Hyperlink">INDIGNITY</span>
				</a>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
